the peru land mass of pisco is also the purple corn
whose consumption can be traced back more than three thousand years
Main sariñena of delicious drinks and sweets from Lima like chicha
and mazamorra purple
He also wished unparalleled taste is recognized by miraculous benefits
for health, this is revealed by the studies done in Japan
the first study that was done was
on how to prevent the formation of tumors in the colon
cancerous tumors in the elbow
colon cancer is one of the most
7 is what is the developed world
all fronts invited the actress panics
this type of corn that is known as the treasure of the pachamama played a
important role in the feeding of the Inca Empire
the proposal that there is no evidence
of malnutrition everywhere mounts against peru the purple corn is
originally from america
prevents the legal reason
It is a powerful antioxidant that prevents various diseases
this is a
the protector of the heart system
also for diabetes
help guess
because when I started is not the typical Japanese is ideal to combat the
Cancer
has an effect of inhibiting defensive production
making who like him can stay
we saw in the capacity
to invade other tissues
contains
but in spite of the 12 countries with the greatest biodiversity in the world
and has more than 50 corn breeds
In addition to the traditional chicha with melgar makes for 3 to 1
but it also inspires other delicacies of Peruvian cuisine
in Japan and the United States is causing furor
according to the association of exporters it is called 56%
this is how this country trains once more with the richness of its soils